Fix links (#316)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/building-wasabi/ContributionChecklist.md

This will help you to find the interesting challenges you can work on.

## Learn how we work

> - To understand how Wasabi coin joins work, read [Zero Link: The Bitcoin Fungibility Framework](https://github.com/nopara73/zerolink) and explore the [Documentation](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.html#coinjoin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To understand how Wasabi coin joins work, read [Zero Link: The Bitcoin Fungibility Framework](https://github.com/nopara73/zerolink) and explore the [Documentation](https://docs.wasabiwallet.io/).
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's good to link to the coin join chapter specifically here. but it should be .md - I'll fix it.
